{\rtf1\ansi\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}
{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}
}
{\colortbl;}{\stylesheet{\s1 Heading 1;}{\s2 Heading 2;}{\s3 Heading 3;}{\s4 Heading 4;}{\s5 Heading 5;}{\s6 Heading 6;}{\s7 Heading 7;}{\s8 Heading 8;}{\s9 Heading 9;}}
\deflang1024\notabind\facingp\hyphauto1\widowctrl
\sectd\plain\pgwsxn12240\pghsxn15840\marglsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margtsxn1440\margbsxn1920\headery0\footery0\pgndec{\headerl\pard\sl-240\sb770\sa430\plain\tqc\tx4680\tqr\tx9360 {}\tab {}\tab {}\par}{\footerl\pard\sl-240\sb770\sa910\plain\tqc\tx4680\tqr\tx9360 {}\tab {}\tab {\i\fs20 \chpgn }\par}{\headerr\pard\sl-240\sb770\sa430\plain\tqc\tx4680\tqr\tx9360 {}\tab {}\tab {}\par}{\footerr\pard\sl-240\sb770\sa910\plain\tqc\tx4680\tqr\tx9360 {}\tab {}\tab {\i\fs20 \chpgn }\par}\pard\sb216\s2\sl374 {\*\bkmkstart ID_JOELIB_46_DESCRIPTOR}{\*\bkmkend ID_JOELIB_46_DESCRIPTOR}\b\fs28\f1 Descriptor\keepn\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb200\s3\li960\sl312 {\*\bkmkstart ID_JOELIB_46_DESCRIPTORS_46_BASICGROUPS}{\*\bkmkend ID_JOELIB_46_DESCRIPTORS_46_BASICGROUPS}\fs24 Number of basic groups\keepn\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb120\li960\sl260 \b0\fs20\lang1033\f0 Number of basic groups.\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb216\s3\sl374 \b\fs28\lang1024\f1 Bibliography\keepn\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb144\li1440\sl260\fi-480 {\*\bkmkstart ID_BMV84}{\*\bkmkend ID_BMV84}\b0\fs20\f0 [bmv84]\~P. Broto, G. Moreau, and C. Vandycke, \i Molecular Structures: Perception, Autocorrelation Descriptor and SAR Studies\i0 , \i Eur. J. Med. Chem.\i0 , 19, 66-70, 1984.\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1440\sl260\fi-480 {\*\bkmkstart ID_BS93}{\*\bkmkend ID_BS93}[bs93]\~B. L. Bush and R. P. Sheridan, \i PATTY: A Programmable Atom Typer and Language for Automatic Classification of Atoms in Molecular Databases\i0 , \i J. Chem. Inf. Comput. Sci.\i0 , 33, 756-762, 1993.\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1440\sl260\fi-480 {\*\bkmkstart ID_CLR98}{\*\bkmkend ID_CLR98}[clr98]\~T. Cormen, C. Leiserson, and R. L. Rivest, 0-262-03141-8, MIT-Press, \i Introduction to Algorithms\i0 , 1998.\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1440\sl260\fi-480 {\*\bkmkstart ID_DL93}{\*\bkmkend ID_DL93}[dl93]\~A. N. Davies and P. Lampen, \i JCAMP-DX for NMR\i0 , \i Appl. Spec.\i0 , 47, 1093-1099, 1993.\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1440\sl260\fi-480 {\*\bkmkstart ID_DW88}{\*\bkmkend ID_DW88}[dw88]\~R. S. Mc Donald and P. A. Wilks, \i JCAMP-DX: A Standard Form for Exchange of Infrared Spectra in Computer Readable Form\i0 , \i Appl. Spec.\i0 , 42, 151-162, 1988.\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1440\sl260\fi-480 {\*\bkmkstart ID_ERS00}{\*\bkmkend ID_ERS00}[ers00]\~P. Ertl, B. Rohde, and P. Selzer, \i Fast calculation of molecular polar surface area as a sum of fragment-based contributions and its application to the prediction of drug transport properties\i0 , \i J. Med. Chem.\i0 , 43, 3714-3717, 2000.\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1440\sl260\fi-480 {\*\bkmkstart ID_FIG96}{\*\bkmkend ID_FIG96}[fig96]\~J. Figueras, \i Ring Perception Using Breadth-First Search\i0 , \i J. Chem. Inf. Comput. Sci.\i0 , 36, 986-991, 1996.\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1440\sl260\fi-480 {\*\bkmkstart ID_GAS95}{\*\bkmkend ID_GAS95}[gas95]\~J. Gasteiger, \i Keyword Reference Manual for Gasteiger Clear Text Files\i0 .\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1440\sl260\fi-480 {\*\bkmkstart ID_GBT02}{\*\bkmkend ID_GBT02}[gbt02]\~A. Golbraikh, D. Bonchev, and A. Tropsha, \i Novel Z/E-Isomerism Descriptors Derived from Molecular Topology and Their Application to QSAR Analysis\i0 , \i J. Chem. Inf. Comput. Sci.\i0 , 42, 769-787, 2002.\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1440\sl260\fi-480 {\*\bkmkstart ID_GHHJS91}{\*\bkmkend ID_GHHJS91}[ghhjs91]\~J. Gasteiger, B. M. Hendriks, P. Hoever, C. Jochum, and H. Somberg, \i JCAMP-CS: A Standard Format for Chemical Structure Information in Computer Readable Form\i0 , \i Appl. Spec.\i0 , 45, 4-11, 1991.\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1440\sl260\fi-480 {\*\bkmkstart ID_GM78}{\*\bkmkend ID_GM78}[gm78]\~J. Gasteiger and M. Marsili, \i A New Model for Calculating Atomic Charges in Molecules\i0 , \i Tetrahedron Lett.\i0 , ?, 3181-3184, 1978.\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1440\sl260\fi-480 {\*\bkmkstart ID_GT03}{\*\bkmkend ID_GT03}[gt03]\~A. Golbraikh and A. Tropsha, \i QSAR Modeling Using Chirality Descriptors Derived from Molecular Topology\i0 , \i J. Chem. Inf. Comput. Sci.\i0 , 42, 144-154, 2003.\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1440\sl260\fi-480 {\*\bkmkstart ID_GXSB00}{\*\bkmkend ID_GXSB00}[gxsb00]\~L. Xue, F. L. Stahura, J. W. Godden, and J. Bajorath, \i Searching for molecules with similar biological activity: analysis by fingerprint profiling\i0 , \i Pac. Symp. Biocomput.\i0 , 8, 566-575, 2000.\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1440\sl260\fi-480 {\*\bkmkstart ID_LHDL94}{\*\bkmkend ID_LHDL94}[lhdl94]\~P. Lampen, H. Hillig, A. N. Davies, and M. Linscheid, \i JCAMP-DX for Mass Spectrometry\i0 , \i Appl. Spec.\i0 , 48, 1545-1552, 1994.\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1440\sl260\fi-480 {\*\bkmkstart ID_ML91}{\*\bkmkend ID_ML91}[ml91]\~E. C. Meng and R. A. Lewis, \i \{D\}etermination of \{M\}olecular \{T\}opology and \{A\}tomic \{H\}ybridisation \{S\}tates from \{H\}eavy \{A\}tom \{C\}oordinates\i0 , \i J. Comp. Chem.\i0 , 12, 891-898, 1991.\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1440\sl260\fi-480 {\*\bkmkstart ID_MOR65}{\*\bkmkend ID_MOR65}[mor65]\~H. L. Morgan, \i The Generation of a Unique Machine Description for Chemical Structures - A Technique Developed at Chemical Abstracts Service\i0 , \i J. Chem. Doc.\i0 , 5, 107-113, 1965.\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1440\sl260\fi-480 {\*\bkmkstart ID_MR99}{\*\bkmkend ID_MR99}[mr99]\~P. Murray-Rust and H. S. Rzepa, \i Chemical Markup, XML, and the Worldwide Web. 1. Basic Principles\i0 , \i J. Chem. Inf. Comput. Sci.\i0 , 39, 928-942, 1999.\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1440\sl260\fi-480 {\*\bkmkstart ID_MR01A}{\*\bkmkend ID_MR01A}[mr01a]\~P. Murray-Rust and H. S. Rzepa, \i Chemical Markup, XML and the World-Wide Web. 2. Information Objects and the CMLDOM\i0 , \i J. Chem. Inf. Comput. Sci.\i0 , 41, ?-?, 2001.\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1440\sl260\fi-480 {\*\bkmkstart ID_MR01B}{\*\bkmkend ID_MR01B}[mr01b]\~G. V. Gkoutos, P. Murray-Rust, H. S. Rzepa, and M. Wright, \i Chemical markup, XML, and the world-wide web. 3. toward a signed semantic chemical web of trust\i0 , \i J. Chem. Inf. Comput. Sci.\i0 , 41, 1295-1300, 2001.\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1440\sl260\fi-480 {\*\bkmkstart ID_MSG99}{\*\bkmkend ID_MSG99}[msg99]\~M. C. Hemmer, V. Steinhauer, and J. Gasteiger, \i Deriving the 3D Structure of Organic Molecules from their Infrared Spectra\i0 , \i Vibrat. Spect.\i0 , 19, 63-67, 1999.\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1440\sl260\fi-480 {\*\bkmkstart ID_SDF}{\*\bkmkend ID_SDF}[sdf]\~Inc. MDL Information Systems, \i Structured Data File format (http://www.mdli.com/downloads/literature/ctfile.pdf)\i0 .\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1440\sl260\fi-480 {\*\bkmkstart ID_SMARTS}{\*\bkmkend ID_SMARTS}[smarts]\~Inc. Daylight Chemical Information Systems, \i Smiles ARbitrary Target Specification (SMARTS) (http://www.daylight.com/dayhtml/doc/theory/theory.smarts.html)\i0 .\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1440\sl260\fi-480 {\*\bkmkstart ID_SMILES}{\*\bkmkend ID_SMILES}[smiles]\~Inc. Daylight Chemical Information Systems, \i Simplified Molecular Input Line Entry System (SMILES) (http://www.daylight.com/dayhtml/smiles/smiles-intro.html)\i0 .\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1440\sl260\fi-480 {\*\bkmkstart ID_TC00}{\*\bkmkend ID_TC00}[tc00]\~R. Todeschini and V. Consonni, 3-52-29913-0, Wiley-VCH, \i Handbook of Molecular Descriptors\i0 .\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1440\sl260\fi-480 {\*\bkmkstart ID_WC99}{\*\bkmkend ID_WC99}[wc99]\~S. A. Wildman and G. M. Crippen, \i Prediction of Physicochemical Parameters by Atomic Contributions\i0 , \i J. Chem. Inf. Comput. Sci.\i0 , 39, 868-873, 1999.\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1440\sl260\fi-480 {\*\bkmkstart ID_WEI88}{\*\bkmkend ID_WEI88}[wei88]\~D. Weinenger, \i SMILES: a Chemical Language for Information Systems. 1. Introduction to Methodology and Encoding Rules\i0 , \i J. Chem. Inf. Comput. Sci.\i0 , 28, 31-36, 1988.\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1440\sl260\fi-480 {\*\bkmkstart ID_WEI89}{\*\bkmkend ID_WEI89}[wei89]\~D. Weinenger, \i SMILES 2: Algorithm for Generation of Unique SMILES Notation\i0 , \i J. Chem. Inf. Comput. Sci.\i0 , 29, 97-101, 1989.\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1440\sl260\fi-480 {\*\bkmkstart ID_WIL01}{\*\bkmkend ID_WIL01}[wil01]\~E. L. Willighagen, \i Processing CML Conventions in Java (http://www.ijc.com/abstracts/abstract4n4.html)\i0 , \i Internet Journal of Chemistry\i0 , 4, 4, 2001.\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1440\sl260\fi-480 {\*\bkmkstart ID_WY96}{\*\bkmkend ID_WY96}[wy96]\~W. P. Walters and S. H. Yalkowsky, \i ESCHER-A Computer Program for the Determination of External Rotational Symmetry Numbers from Molecular Topology\i0 , \i J. Chem. Inf. Comput. Sci.\i0 , 36, 1015-1017, 1996.\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1440\sl260\fi-480 {\*\bkmkstart ID_WZ03}{\*\bkmkend ID_WZ03}[wz03]\~J. K. Wegner and A. Zell, \i Prediction of Aqueous Solubility and Partition Coefficient Optimized by a Genetic Algorithm Based Descriptor Selection Method\i0 , \i J. Chem. Inf. Comput. Sci.\i0 , 43, 1077-1084, 2003.\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1440\sl260\fi-480 {\*\bkmkstart ID_WFZ04A}{\*\bkmkend ID_WFZ04A}[wfz04a]\~J. K. Wegner, H. Froehlich, and A. Zell, \i Feature Selection for Descriptor based Classification Models. 1. Theory and GA-SEC Algorithm\i0 , \i J. Chem. Inf. Comput. Sci.\i0 , 44, ASAP alert, 2004.\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1440\sl260\fi-480 {\*\bkmkstart ID_WFZ04B}{\*\bkmkend ID_WFZ04B}[wfz04b]\~J. K. Wegner, H. Froehlich, and A. Zell, \i Feature Selection for Descriptor based Classification Models. 2. Human Intestinal Absorption\i0 , \i J. Chem. Inf. Comput. Sci.\i0 , 44, ASAP alert, 2004.\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1440\sl260\fi-480 {\*\bkmkstart ID_ZUP89}{\*\bkmkend ID_ZUP89}[zup89]\~J. Zupan, 0-471-92173-4, Wiley-VCH, \i Algorithms for Chemists\i0 .\hyphpar0\par}
